- Suppose I’m using the chrome extension to open the browser for multiple paper pdfs I have open just in regular Google chrome. Right now, the behavior will be that, if I hit the chrome extension on each pdf, I’ll have one browser tab open and one unique graph for each pdf, and each graph will have one node. I’d like something different to happen: each consecutive time I open a new pdf via the browser on chrome extension, I’d like the option to add the new pdf as a root node on my pre-existing browser session, given that one exists (this should be a popup/button I can click once I open my 2nd, 3rd, 4th, … pdf by opening it in chrome first and then hitting the chrome extension button). This should produce 1 browser tab, with 1 graph, with n root nodes, where n = the number of pdfs I had open on google chrome and wanted to browser.
- I’d like the option to manually connect nodes on a graph. For example, if a paper I have open on the browser cites a journal paper that I can’t open because of permissions reasons, I might need to 1) open the journal paper by myself in chrome, 2) download it to my computer, and 3) upload it to my existing browser session/graph. But I want to 4) manually link this journal paper to the parent node (the paper I found it from)
- When I download a browsing session as html and open the html, I can’t open locally-uploaded PDFs by clicking on the node anymore, although I can do this when the graph of the browsing session is inside the application. Make it possible to access local PDFs from the exported HTML too. Ideally, the local PDF should be accessible from any computer, but at the very least from the same computer that contains the local PDF. 
- I would like to be able to sort the list of citations, the list of authors, and the nodes in the graph. For the list of citations, I should be able to sort by year (ascending or descending, alphabetical, and by order in the paper). For authors, I should be able to sort alphabetically and in order in the author list. For nodes in the graph, I should be able to sort papers by year of publication and by citation count (if this exists). For the graph, you’ll need to keep the edges, but just physically move the nodes around.